feat: let Antora manage version aliases (latest & next) (#520)
bonitasoft/bonita-documentation-site: docs/configure-netlify-redirects.adoc

=== Step-by-step procedure

- Build a preview with the components and versions needed for the test. See xref:../README.adoc#preview-support[README]. +

> Add the `--type netlify` parameter to use the configuration for the whole Netlify environment.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** let explain what to do instead on how to do it. This will simplify the maintenance
```suggestion
Don't forget to build the preview to target the `Netlify` environment.
```

Reviewer: Ignore, this is good like this. The maintenance cost is very low (we probably won't change the option).
